[Music]
legend has it there is a tree in the
Amazon that possesses unparalleled
healing powers and the Arrowhead is the
key to unlocking it stop by hello I just
wanted you to know this has been
mislabeled
he's shipping outlets of all the jungle
cruisers you can take in the Amazon
this one is undoubtedly the cheapest but
also the most thrilling heads up comin
to
look out
Marauders
latest ladies and gentlemen the moment
you've all been waiting for
the backside of water stays wonder of
the world we're headed upriver
lagrimas down mr. Curran travel
come on not a good time looking for
passage upriver
please go away I have a lot of money
ever you believe in legends do you
believe in curses to you you're gonna
beg minutes are back no I look forward
to disappointing you 10,000 to bring you
there alive dead is $15,000
where should I pay me dead
dead-eyed have to carry you that's a lot
harder lady there we go
oh god sorry Frank sorry strong form
hi gentle swing you put the river cruise
and you can't swim the price just went
out
in times of old the world was full of
wonder and magic but times change
boredom oh hey birthday boy by the laws
of your I must dub the a man today kneel
before me that's okay I have a gift from
your dad he said to give you this when
you were both over sixteen no way it's a
wizard staff dad was a wizard what your
dad was an accountant
this spell brings him back for one whole
day dad will be back what Zack went back
to life that's not possible it is with
this I'm gonna meet dad
[Music]
ah hisses legs I definitely remember dad
having a top part Oh what did I do
hi we only have 24 hours to bring the
rest of him back until then oh hey Dad
you look just like I remember
[Music]
we got a problem child
adventure you seek you come to the right
time
Oh
might be out of gas but it says we have
a full tank that doesn't work
growth spell we grow the can and then
the gas inside will grow with it
the can is huge and the fan is huge and
your own oh hello you're in grave danger
get out of there now open safe house six
welcome to the Townsend agency I run a
covert group of exceptional women
some guys are like ladies five we work
outside the rules in secret together you
may not know we exist but we are always
watching you are in the presence of
angels so you might have trained to be
an angel hell yeah
give me the wings
[Applause]
[Music]
sit down keep your hands where I can see
them really not supposed to be touching
things in here unless you're supposed to
be touching things in here you're
adorable
Jane is about you flirting with a
handsome nerd
[Music]
the best part is them picking down
international criminals
with you guys
and the day drinking that's what I like
the most
[Music]
so I can just take whatever I want Baro
is that an actual rule
[Music]
a vote time to go to work
we have a few questions
where were you the night Lily bridges
disappeared
Lucy this is Lilly Lilly Lucy fly so how
long have you been in Japan three weeks
now
weird no everyone stares at you it's
like being famous
[Music]
some people get addicted to those you
and not normal
[Music]
either are you know
so let's not pretend to me you
photograph everything of course
do you have a boyfriend thank you he's
so cute
cute Ohio he's gorgeous he's like
obsessed with you why do you say that I
know man she's a piece of work that one
it's like you the only one who exists
then she moves on to someone else it's
like you were never even there
what do you see about the future come on
we have something no one else could
share
don't you know that I do
sitting around I know what I'm feeling
and it's not right at all
you must trust
he only cuts and
feels like something really Bad's gonna
happen
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm an artist
now greatest puppeteer of his generation
[Applause]
it seems some vocal getting squeamish
around here stops tolling women Wow all
that nonsense happy stoning day you have
to stay on the straight and sober can
you do that
where's baby punch where is she I salute
her gallery one place she wound up being
another what's done is done
suppose we just move on with our lives
that's the way to do it we've come to
report a crime right excellent
my dear wife and tiny baby aren't
missing do you remember what happened to
you
[Applause]
[Music]
does that look punctured I always win
you won't be winning any more
[Music]
the greatest show is what the critics
say
[Music]
that's the way to do it
Wow Oh mommy somewhere sweetie
[Music]
I'm so sorry boys here
you're in luck darling
I've worked on many a bite out here let
me help her
[Music]
this is crazy
none of this makes sense
the think we almost lost what was done
for your daughter doesn't come cheap
your little girl is and now you owe a
life in return for her soul it's ours
you only have it too son sir
you best get a move on
Sall can be anyone of your choosing
but it must be human
you out in something I can see it in
your eyes
I love you so so much baby
[Music]
have you ever been a nanny
this is my first live in job well I hope
you know what you're doing the children
are very special Kate the thoroughbreds
use your friends must love it here I
have no friends you have no friends
yep well you have one now maybe the
parents died nothing she had to
suffering it's not that simple I don't
I'm not part of the house why not don't
wanna hello
you shouldn't be in here what happened
to your last nanny like I'd tell you
need to take charge here Kate I know
what you're afraid of keeping the lights
on won't keep you safe can you please
stop
yeah Emily in there and I'm not going
anywhere
promise promise cross my heart moves
down
everyone dies miles did you see them
play anymore
stop now
[Applause]
bad dreams
[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]
one monster that beckoned fear
[Applause]
get down
he was charged your weapon five times
into the guy
how's he still alive he isn't trade
comes back every Halloween
I've never been a believer
but this was pure evil
sometimes I think the only real hallmark
of sanity is questioning whether or not
you're crazy if you've ever wondered
even for a moment that you might not be
all there you're just fine
you see that girl don't you Oh fair skin
and red hair a smile for everyone to
cover what's numb your father's
Parkinson's is not getting any better
your father was diagnosed years ago it
has always been real
I'll be fine right better than ever
and if not everything has an end it is
which city scares to data what if none
of this is real after all she can't see
me or hear me or even sense me every
night dreaming bertha cuts the phone
away I'm not the guy who gets the girl I
would like to introduce you to Russell
who's that the tall young man that is
standing right across from you this is a
highly significant development I find it
hard to believe you don't know this is
selective perception based entirely in
the mind let me be
you see only what you want to see when
you want to see it maybe there is some
magic in the real world after all isn't
he
when you think that has seen your mind
that insider choice did
let me stand to show
you are blind
please put down your head
cuz I see you
[Music]
[Applause]
long as I can see your face nine-one-one
what's your emergency 911 emergency to
run with one which emergencies you've
been warned that these things are
dangerous
[Music]
mr. reaches you need to lay back down
the operation was a complete success
do you know what this is we think it's
some kind of doorway or portal or
nowhere where are they we were hoping
you could tell us
[Music]
you're the only one who's been to the
other side and back
[Music]
everyone here knows about baccarat the
most haunted road in America why do we
create and then destroy miss yeah
I'm glad you home son it was our class
project the creation and destruction of
modern myths about three weeks ago we
started having these really visited
nightmares
tell me about these dreams clearing off
of back out road and then I wake up
having dreams to tell me everything you
know each of us is having a dream
related to a bourbon legend
[Applause]
they put a curse on the road we are all
sleepwalking and from this day forward
shall base known as daya falls path back
out road is the devil's
[Music]
are you afraid I just don't feel the
same
you know it's checks that I went away to
college ones we never get to see well
they're gonna be coming out tonight and
they're gonna be haunted for the
holidays that old Christmas magic first
she jiggles the bells then it's a way to
the manger the world in Crosby Christmas
fashion
[Music]
by a bunch of uneducated parents no
thank you
I didn't mean you you know that's a
relief because I need to be thought of
as uneducated that Claremont's Tony
Oliverio Angelo's your best friend
cousin if he wasn't there's no and
hangout it's very bad for you think
about the feast in Christmas Eve in this
town everybody is Italian or thinks
they're what wasn't you talking about
the Feast of the Seven Fishes it's
something we do every Christmas Eve all
the Italians around here doing we cook
fish and we party and blast she's a
really great girl wants problem do you
remember last Christmas Eve there's a
lot of people out there who might not
appreciate our idiosyncrasies yeah
[Music]
it's been a very good boy this Frankie
how's that strip coming both cleaning it
you ain't done yet you know your
favorite baby putter that supposed to
help turn my back for one minute
and you guys screw up Christmas
[Music]
I got things to do too so I do my thing
you'll do your thing and then I will do
the hey she's gotta go yes she does oh
she don't
[Music]